# Meeting Minutes: Device Identifier WG
## Date: 6th January 2023
## Attendees
- Eric Murray / Vodafone
- Ludovic Robert / Orange
- Rafal Artych / Deutsche Telekom
## Pull Requests
- None
## Issues
- None
## Discussions
### API Definition
- Eric presented an overview of the current [API definition](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/blob/main/code/API_definitions/CAMARA%20Device%20Identifier%20API.yaml). The following points were clarified:
  - A `GET` call is used by this API as it is directly retrieving information from the network and not creating any sort of resource or subscription
  - The agreed set of parameters used to identify a UE for all APIs (i.e. External Identifier, MSISDN and/or IP address) are used here, but passed as headers as these parameters are clearly sensitive and there is no request body to put them in. These parameters will evolve when discussions within the Commonalities WG on UE identification and user consent are concluded.
  - The API can return up to 5 parameters related to the device being used by the identified UE (imei, imeisv, tac, manufacturer and model). None of these parameters is mandatory as it is an open question as to how user consent will affect the parameters that can be returned. It may be that the end user can grant or withhold consent individually for each parameter (even though some parameters can be derived from others). This issue will be revisited once the user consent process is finalised.
  - Should response headers be standardised across all APIs? Or should there be a "default" set, with only additional headers listed? This is related to the API design guidelines. **Eric to open an issue in the Commonalities WG to discuss.**
### API Documentation
- API documentation will be generated once the above issue on response parameters is resolved.
## AOB
- Next meeting Friday 20th January @ 15:00 GMT
